create-user a@abc.com 1 alice
create-user b@abc.com 1 bob
create-user c@abc.com 1 carla
create-user d@abc.com 1 douglas
create-user e@abc.com 1 eliza
create-user f@abc.com 1 fabio
create-user g@abc.com 1 gabi
create-user h@abc.com 1 helio
create-user i@abc.com 1 iara
create-user j@abc.com 1 joao
login a@abc.com 1
login b@abc.com 1
login c@abc.com 1
login d@abc.com 1
login e@abc.com 1
create-server 3 escola
set-server-invite-code 3 escola 5aseriec
list-participants 3
enter-server 1 escola
enter-server 1 escola 5aseriec
enter-server 2 escola 5aseriec
enter-server 3 escola 5aseriec
enter-server 4 escola 5aseriec
enter-server 5 escola 5aseriec
enter-server 5 escola 5aseriec
list-participants 1
leave-server 4 escola
list-participants 1
list-participants 4
create-channel 2 portugues
create-channel 2 portugues
create-channel 1 matematica
list-channels 1
list-channels 4
enter-channel 1 portugues
enter-channel 1 portugues
enter-channel 1 vga
leave-channel 1 portugues
leave-channel 1 portugues
create-channel 1 historia
create-channel 1 artes
create-channel 2 biologia
enter-channel 1 historia
remove-channel 1 historia
remove-channel 1 historia
remove-channel 1 historia
enter-server 2 historia
create-channel 1 geografia
list-channels 2
quit
